warn we cannot downgrade unity version of asset at the top of document (#97)
vrchat-community/creator-docs: Docs/docs/sdk/upgrade/unity-2022.md

Now you're ready to upgrade!

> :::danger Test your creations before uploading it.
> 
> After successfully uploading a creations with Unity 2022, you won't be able to upload that same creations with Unity 2019.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::danger Test your content before uploading it

After successfully uploading a world or avatar with Unity 2022, you won't be able to upload it again with Unity 2019.

:::
```
